MicroPayment Service
A robust and scalable backend service for handling micro-transactions, user accounts, and financial operations. This project is built using Node.js and TypeScript, strictly adhering to Clean Architecture principles to ensure maintainability, testability, and a clear separation of concerns.

 Features
User Management: Create accounts, update profiles, and secure authentication (Login).

Financial Operations: * Deposit: Add funds to the user's digital wallet.

Transfer: Securely transfer funds between users within the platform.

AI Integration: Modular infrastructure ready for AI-powered features (via the infrastructure/ai module).

Database Management: Structured and safe data modeling using Prisma ORM.

🛠️ Tech Stack
Language: TypeScript

Runtime Environment: Node.js

ORM: Prisma

Architecture: Clean Architecture / Domain-Driven Design (DDD) concepts

Containerization: Docker & Docker Compose

 Project Structure
The project follows a modular Clean Architecture approach:

src/domain/: Contains enterprise business rules, entities, and domain interfaces.

src/application/use-cases/: Application-specific business rules (e.g., deposit.use-case.ts, transfer.use-case.ts).

src/infrastructure/: Frameworks, drivers, and external tools (Database connections, HTTP servers, AI integrations, Repositories).

src/main/: The composition root where all dependencies are injected and the application is bootstrapped.

 Getting Started
Prerequisites
Make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine.

Installation
Clone the repository:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/micropayment-service.git
cd micropayment-service
Set up your environment variables:
Copy the .env.example file to create your .env file and fill in your database credentials and API keys.

Bash
cp .env.example .env
Start the application and database using Docker:

Bash
docker-compose up -d
Install dependencies locally (optional, for development):

Bash
npm install
Run Prisma migrations to set up your database schema:

Bash
npx prisma migrate dev
 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
